[Music]
and the Lord spoke to Moses if a person
sins and commits a trespass against the
Lord by lying to his neighbor about what
was delivered to him for safekeeping or
about a pledge or about a robbery or if
he is extorting from his neighbor or if
he has found what was lost and lies
concerning it and swears falsely in any
one of these things that a man may do in
which he sins then it shall be because
he has sinned and is guilty that he
shall restore what he has stolen or the
thing which he has extorted or what was
delivered to him for safekeeping or the
lost thing which he found or all that
about which he has sworn falsely he
shall restore its full value and one
fifth more to it and give it to whomever
it belongs on the day of his trespass
offering and he shall bring his trespass
offering to the Lord
a ram without blemish from the flock
with your valuation as a trespass
offering to the priests so the priest
shall make a tournament for him before
the Lord and he shall be forgiven for
any one of these things that he may have
done in which he trespasses
then the Lord spoke to Moses
command error and his sons
saying this is the law of the burnt
offering the burnt offering shall be on
the hearth upon the altar all night
until morning and the fire of the altar
shall be kept burning on it and the
priest shall put on his linen garment
and his linen trousers he shall put on
his body and take up the ashes of the
burnt offering which the fire has
consumed on the altar and he shall put
them beside the altar then he shall take
off his garments put on other garments
and carry the ashes outside the camp to
a clean place and the fire on the altar
shall be kept burning on it it shall not
be put out and the priest shall burn
wood on it every morning and lay the
burnt offering in order on it and he
shall burn on it the fat of the piece
offerings a fire shall always be burning
on the altar it shall never go out
this is the law of the grain offering
the sons of Aaron shall offer it on the
altar before the Lord he shall take from
it his hand full of the fine flour of
the grain offering with its oil and all
the frankincense which is on the grain
offering and shall burn it on the altar
for a sweet aroma as a memorial to the
Lord and the remainder of it Aaron and
his sons shall eat with unleavened bread
it shall be eaten in a holy place in the
court of the tabernacle of meeting they
shall eat it it shall not be baked with
leaven I have given it as their portion
of my offerings made by fire it is most
holy like the sin offering and the
trespass offering all the males among
the children of Aaron may eat it it
shall be a statute forever in your
generations concerning the offerings
made by fire to the Lord every one who
touches them must be holy and the Lord
spoke to Moses this is the offering of
Aaron and his sons which they shall
offer to the Lord
beginning on the day when he is anointed
one tenth of an ephah of flour as a
daily grain offering half of it in the
morning and half of it at night it shall
be made in a pan with
when it is mixed you shall bring it in
the baked pieces of the grain offering
you shall offer for a sweet aroma to the
Lord
priests from among his sons who is
anointed in his place shall offer it
it is a statue forever to the Lord it
shall be holy burned for every grain
offering for the priest shall be a holy
burned it shall not be eaten also the
Lord spoke to Moses saying speak to
Aaron and to his sons saying this is the
law of the sin offering in the place
where the burnt offering is killed the
sin offering shall be killed before the
Lord it is most holy the priest who
offers it for sin shall eat it in a holy
place it shall be eaten in the court of
the tabernacle of meeting everyone who
touches its flesh must be holy and when
its blood is sprinkled on any garment
you shall wash that on which it was
sprinkled in a holy place
but the earthen vessel in which it is
boiled shall be broken and if it is
boiled in a bronze pot it shall be both
scoured and rinsed in water all the
males among the priests may eat it it is
most holy but no sin offering from which
any of the blood is brought into the
tabernacle of meeting to make atonement
in the holy place shall be eaten it
shall be burned in the fire